[RPW]Fix Diffusion Profile Volume Component inspector when opened wit… (#6799)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixing missing doc API for RTAS Debug display.
- Fixed AO dissapearing when DRS would be turned off through a camera, while hardware drs is active in DX12 or Vulkan (case 1383093).
- Fixed misc shader warnings.

> - Fixed crash opeing Volume Component with Diffusion Profile.

Reviewer: minor typo here

> - Fixed crash opeing Volume Component with Diffusion Profile.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed NullReferenceException when opeining a Volume Component with a Diffusion Profile with any inspector.
```

> - Fixed NullReferenceException when opeining a Volume Component with a Diffusion Profile with any inspector.

Reviewer 2: lol minor typo here
